README.md, before:

# AgoraDynamicKey

For join media channel, use generateMediaChannelKey

For recording service, use generateRecordingKey

Here are sample for C++, java, python and nodejs

## Compatibility tables of SDK and Dynamic Key for our customers.

### Customers that need verify user ID

| Dynamic Key Version | UID | SDK Version  |
|---|---|---|
| DynamicKey4  | specify uid of user | 1.3.0 and UP  |
| DynamicKey3  | specify uid of user  | 1.2.3 and UP  |
| DynamicKey  |  NA |  NA |

### Customers that do not need verify user ID

| Dynamic Key Version | UID | SDK Version  |
|---|---|---|
| DynamicKey4  | 0 | All |
| DynamicKey3  | 0 | All |
| DynamicKey  | All | All |

We recommend all our customers to upgrade to DynamicKey4 ASAP.

## C++
```c
/**
 * build with command:
 * g++ main.cpp  -lcrypto -std=c++0x
 */

#include "../src/DynamicKey4.h"
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdint>

int main(int argc, char const *argv[]) {
  ::srand(::time(NULL));

  auto staticKey  = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
  auto  signKey   = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
  auto channelName= "my channel name for recording";
  auto  unixTs = ::time(NULL);
  int randomInt = (::rand()%256 << 24) + (::rand()%256 << 16) + (::rand()%256 << 8) + (::rand()%256);
  uint32_t uid = 2882341273u;
  auto  expiredTs = 0;

  std::cout << agora::tools::DynamicKey4::generateRecordingKey(staticKey, signKey, channelName, unixTs, randomInt, uid, expiredTs) << std::endl;
  std::cout << agora::tools::DynamicKey4::generateMediaChannelKey(staticKey, signKey, channelName, unixTs, randomInt, uid, expiredTs) << std::endl;
  return 0;
}
```

## Java
```java
package io.agora.media.sample;

import io.agora.media.DynamicKey4;
import java.util.Date;
import java.util.Random;

public class DynamicKey4Sample {
    static String vendor   = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
    static String key      = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
    static String channel  = "7d72365eb983485397e3e3f9d460bdda";
    static int ts = (int)(new Date().getTime()/1000);
    static int r = new Random().nextInt();
    static long uid = 2882341273L;
    static int expiredTs = 0;

    public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        System.out.println(DynamicKey4.generateMediaChannelKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs));
        System.out.println(DynamicKey4.generateRecordingKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs));
    }
}
```

## Python
```python
import sys
import os
import time
from random import randint

sys.path.append(os.path.join(os.path.dirname(__file__), '../src'))
from DynamicKey4 import generateRecordingKey
from DynamicKey4 import generateMediaChannelKey

statickey   = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33"
signkey     = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b"
channelname = "7d72365eb983485397e3e3f9d460bdda"
unixts = int(time.time());
uid = 2882341273
randomint = -2147483647
expiredts = 0

print "%.8x" % (randomint & 0xFFFFFFFF)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    print generateRecordingKey(statickey, signkey, channelname, unixts, randomint, uid, expiredts)
    print generateMediaChannelKey(statickey, signkey, channelname, unixts, randomint, uid, expiredts)
```

## Node.js

```javascript
var DynamicKey4 = require('../src/DynamicKey4');
var vendor  = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
var key     = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
var channel = "my channel name";
var ts = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000);
var r = Math.floor(Math.random() * 0xFFFFFFFF);
var uid = 2882341273;
var expiredTs = 0;


var recordingKey = DynamicKey4.generateRecordingKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs);
console.log(recordingKey);

var mediaChannelKey = DynamicKey4.generateMediaChannelKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs);
console.log(mediaChannelKey);

```

Commit message:

Update SDK and Dynamic Key Compatibility
Main Changes:
1. change the original title from Compability tables of SDK and Dynamic Key for our customers to SDK and Dynamic Compatibility
2. Move the note to recommend all users to upgrade to DynamicKey4 ASAP to the very beginning for emphasis.
3. Version： Change 1.3 and up to 1.3 or later

README.md, after:

# AgoraDynamicKey

For join media channel, use generateMediaChannelKey

For recording service, use generateRecordingKey

Here are sample for C++, java, python and nodejs

## SDK and Dynamic Key Compatibility
Note: It is recommended for you to upgrade to DynamicKey4 ASAP.
### If you need to verify the User ID:

| Dynamic Key Version | UID | SDK Version  |
|---|---|---|
| DynamicKey4  | specify uid of user | 1.3.0 or later  |
| DynamicKey3  | specify uid of user  | 1.2.3 or later  |
| DynamicKey  |  NA |  NA |

### If you do not need to verify the User ID:

| Dynamic Key Version | UID | SDK Version  |
|---|---|---|
| DynamicKey4  | 0 | All |
| DynamicKey3  | 0 | All |
| DynamicKey  | All | All |



## C++
```c
/**
 * build with command:
 * g++ main.cpp  -lcrypto -std=c++0x
 */

#include "../src/DynamicKey4.h"
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdint>

int main(int argc, char const *argv[]) {
  ::srand(::time(NULL));

  auto staticKey  = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
  auto  signKey   = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
  auto channelName= "my channel name for recording";
  auto  unixTs = ::time(NULL);
  int randomInt = (::rand()%256 << 24) + (::rand()%256 << 16) + (::rand()%256 << 8) + (::rand()%256);
  uint32_t uid = 2882341273u;
  auto  expiredTs = 0;

  std::cout << agora::tools::DynamicKey4::generateRecordingKey(staticKey, signKey, channelName, unixTs, randomInt, uid, expiredTs) << std::endl;
  std::cout << agora::tools::DynamicKey4::generateMediaChannelKey(staticKey, signKey, channelName, unixTs, randomInt, uid, expiredTs) << std::endl;
  return 0;
}
```

## Java
```java
package io.agora.media.sample;

import io.agora.media.DynamicKey4;
import java.util.Date;
import java.util.Random;

public class DynamicKey4Sample {
    static String vendor   = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
    static String key      = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
    static String channel  = "7d72365eb983485397e3e3f9d460bdda";
    static int ts = (int)(new Date().getTime()/1000);
    static int r = new Random().nextInt();
    static long uid = 2882341273L;
    static int expiredTs = 0;

    public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
        System.out.println(DynamicKey4.generateMediaChannelKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs));
        System.out.println(DynamicKey4.generateRecordingKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs));
    }
}
```

## Python
```python
import sys
import os
import time
from random import randint

sys.path.append(os.path.join(os.path.dirname(__file__), '../src'))
from DynamicKey4 import generateRecordingKey
from DynamicKey4 import generateMediaChannelKey

statickey   = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33"
signkey     = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b"
channelname = "7d72365eb983485397e3e3f9d460bdda"
unixts = int(time.time());
uid = 2882341273
randomint = -2147483647
expiredts = 0

print "%.8x" % (randomint & 0xFFFFFFFF)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    print generateRecordingKey(statickey, signkey, channelname, unixts, randomint, uid, expiredts)
    print generateMediaChannelKey(statickey, signkey, channelname, unixts, randomint, uid, expiredts)
```

## Node.js

```javascript
var DynamicKey4 = require('../src/DynamicKey4');
var vendor  = "970ca35de60c44645bbae8a215061b33";
var key     = "5cfd2fd1755d40ecb72977518be15d3b";
var channel = "my channel name";
var ts = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000);
var r = Math.floor(Math.random() * 0xFFFFFFFF);
var uid = 2882341273;
var expiredTs = 0;


var recordingKey = DynamicKey4.generateRecordingKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs);
console.log(recordingKey);

var mediaChannelKey = DynamicKey4.generateMediaChannelKey(vendor, key, channel, ts, r, uid, expiredTs);
console.log(mediaChannelKey);

```
